
What I am practising now is a new exploration into mindful contentment and a resistance also to the ongoing cycle of consumption that so easily feeds this greed for greatness. All those whose creative endeavors I admire have a true love of process over product.

Process over product is without a doubt the only way for me to sustainably do… anything. I am not the only one to say this. Love of the game is what keeps you going.

I saw this movie “Perfect Days” by Wim Wenders. Mr. W. W. himself. It is a movie about feeling content. I also saw another movie last year—”Whiplash” by (do I even put the director? It’s Whiplash! Muthafuckin' to the dub to the -iplash!) Both stories follow the lives and livelihoods of their protagonists. The main characters:

Hirayama, a Public toilet cleaner in Tokyo’s upscale Shibuya district, and
Andrew Neiman, an ambitious young drummer at the prestigious Shaffer Conservatory in New York City.

These two characters represent, to me, process over product! WOW get a load of the muthafrickin' iss and giss.

Hirayama, stedfast and stalwart against the siren song of a better life, job, or “greater purpose” is at peace with himself entire... and in love with life and all of its sucky parts (takes photos, looks @ trees, smiles and helps others). All the qualities that lead to lasting happiness according to studies, I bet.

What I found most interesting in my thinking about this story besides how good of a movie it was, was my initial reaction, which was that I really wanted to be like Hirayama! So at peace. The ultimate irony is that I was jealous of his contentment! Basically saying “I wish I was that humble/content.”

My reaction to Whiplash was the opposite—and that is scary to me now. It gave me a revelation: seeing whiplash I felt like I was living out, or going to live out, the plot of the frickin' movie. I <i>related</i> to Andrew and his <i>unshakable</i> foolish quest to <i>succeed</i>. I was thrilled by the end because in my interpretation Andrew does succeed and becomes what he set out to shissing become. But no! This is the exact opposite of what the movie is about. (Dad’s look of horror is not awe.) (Director quote about sad ending). I’m now paraphrasing a great video — What do you think?on the dissonance between those two reactions.

<div class="note">
Netbeanz I is the self —review of whiplash and perfect days with frames of movie but I take in broader context like that guy on youtube somehow v-sause like standalones. Shock and pa! Whiplash scene w. Dad. Guest Authors. II is about work.
</div>

<br>

I wanted to do great work! BUT ALSO I remember how I felt at the time - and how it as driven by an EGO, which ironically would have prevented a new idea from happening... I think I got too excited. Memory is so useful! I feel improvement mixed with an eensy teensy [Twinkie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twinkie) bit of amusement over the work and attitude I had toward these projects when I was doing them. Sometimes you just want to smile of them. I set out carrying a bindle and a goal with each of my creative projects, like everyone else. And I'd like to finish them, dang it! I feel the initial drive to dive is driven in part by the invented ideas or goals I created upon taking the first step. And in my invented fantasies these invented ideas convinced me that I could do something new or do more, or that what I had and what I was doing wasn't enough, and that I needed something else. Fake bordom. FAKE. 